Question #137

You are developing a new application and are looking for a Jenkins installation to build and deploy your source code. You want to automate the installation as quickly and easily as possible. What should you do?

A. Deploy Jenkins through the Google Cloud Marketplace.
B. Create a new Compute Engine instance. Run the Jenkins executable.
C. Create a new Kubernetes Engine cluster. Create a deployment for the Jenkins image.
D. Create an instance template with the Jenkins executable. Create a managed instance group with this template.

Correct Answer: 
    C 🗳️ 

    As we need to automate installation of Jenkins as pre-requisite ( upgrade etc for future), option C coz with Kubernetes you can automate installation using charts ( easy to change few parameters)

Question #138

You have downloaded and installed the gcloud command line interface (CLI) and have authenticated with your Google Account. Most of your Compute Engine instances in your project run in the europe-west1-d zone. You want to avoid having to specify this zone with each CLI command when managing these instances.
What should you do?

A. Set the europe-west1-d zone as the default zone using the gcloud config subcommand.

B. In the Settings page for Compute Engine under Default location, set the zone to europeג€"west1-d.

C. In the CLI installation directory, create a file called default.conf containing zone=europeג€"west1ג€"d.

D. Create a Metadata entry on the Compute Engine page with key compute/zone and value europeג€"west1ג€"d.

Correct Answer: 
    C 🗳️ A (90%)

Question #139

The core business of your company is to rent out construction equipment at large scale. All the equipment that is being rented out has been equipped with multiple sensors that send event information every few seconds. These signals can vary from engine status, distance traveled, fuel level, and more. Customers are billed based on the consumption monitored by these sensors. You expect high throughput `" up to thousands of events per hour per device `" and need to retrieve consistent data based on the time of the event. Storing and retrieving individual signals should be atomic. What should you do?

A. Create a file in Cloud Storage per device and append new data to that file.
B. Create a file in Cloud Filestore per device and append new data to that file.
C. Ingest the data into Datastore. Store data in an entity group based on the device.
D. Ingest the data into Cloud Bigtable. Create a row key based on the event timestamp.
Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️
    => Information every few seconds --> Time Series --> Big Table 
    => Timeseries + IoT = Bigtable

You are asked to set up application performance monitoring on Google Cloud projects A, B, and C as a single pane of glass. You want to monitor CPU, memory, and disk. What should you do?

A. Enable API and then share charts from project A, B, and C.
B. Enable API and then give the metrics.reader role to projects A, B, and C.
C. Enable API and then use default dashboards to view all projects in sequence.
D. Enable API, create a workspace under project A, and then add projects B and C.

Correct Answer: 
    C 🗳️
    Keep Project A as host project in workspace and Project B and C as Service Project, and monitor the metrics of the Project A for a centralized view.
    
    
    Group dashboards are limited to 40 charts. Charts on a group dashboard display data only from the members of the group.
