Question #97

You are building a product on top of Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE). You have a single GKE cluster. For each of your customers, a Pod is running in that cluster, and your customers can run arbitrary code inside their Pod. You want to maximize the isolation between your customers' Pods. What should you do?

A. Use Binary Authorization and whitelist only the container images used by your customers' Pods.
B. Use the Container Analysis API to detect vulnerabilities in the containers used by your customers' Pods.
C. Create a GKE node pool with a sandbox type configured to gvisor. Add the parameter runtimeClassName: gvisor to the specification of your customers' Pods.
D. Use the cos_containerd image for your GKE nodes. Add a nodeSelector with the value cloud.google.com/gke-os-distribution: cos_containerd to the specification of your customers' Pods.

Correct Answer: 
    C 🗳️

Question #98

Your customer has implemented a solution that uses Cloud Spanner and notices some read latency-related performance issues on one table. This table is accessed only by their users using a primary key. The table schema is shown below.

You want to resolve the issue. What should you do?

A. Remove the profile_picture field from the table.
B. Add a secondary index on the person_id column.
C. Change the primary key to not have monotonically increasing values.
D. Create a secondary index using the following Data Definition Language (DDL):

Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️
    C (54%)
    D (46%)

Question #99

Your finance team wants to view the billing report for your projects. You want to make sure that the finance team does not get additional permissions to the project. What should you do?

A. Add the group for the finance team to roles/billing user role.
B. Add the group for the finance team to roles/billing admin role.
C. Add the group for the finance team to roles/billing viewer role.
D. Add the group for the finance team to roles/billing project/Manager role.

Correct Answer: 
    C 🗳️

Question #100

Your organization has strict requirements to control access to Google Cloud projects. You need to enable your Site Reliability Engineers (SREs) to approve requests from the Google Cloud support team when an SRE opens a support case. You want to follow Google-recommended practices. What should you do?

A. Add your SREs to roles/iam.roleAdmin role.
B. Add your SREs to roles/accessapproval.approver role.
C. Add your SREs to a group and then add this group to roles/iam.roleAdmin.role.
D. Add your SREs to a group and then add this group to roles/accessapproval.approver role.

Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️

