Question #113 # Understand

You need to assign a Cloud Identity and Access Management (Cloud IAM) role to an external auditor. The auditor needs to have permissions to review your
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Audit Logs and also to review your Data Access logs. What should you do?

A. Assign the auditor the IAM role roles/logging.privateLogViewer. Perform the export of logs to Cloud Storage.
B. Assign the auditor the IAM role roles/logging.privateLogViewer. Direct the auditor to also review the logs for changes to Cloud IAM policy.
C. Assign the auditor's IAM user to a custom role that has logging.privateLogEntries.list permission. Perform the export of logs to Cloud Storage.
D. Assign the auditor's IAM user to a custom role that has logging.privateLogEntries.list permission. Direct the auditor to also review the logs for changes to Cloud IAM policy.


Correct Answer: 
    B 🗳️

Question #114

You are managing several Google Cloud Platform (GCP) projects and need access to all logs for the past 60 days. You want to be able to explore and quickly analyze the log contents. You want to follow Google-recommended practices to obtain the combined logs for all projects. What should you do?

A. Navigate to Stackdriver Logging and select resource.labels.project_id="*"
B. Create a Stackdriver Logging Export with a Sink destination to a BigQuery dataset. Configure the table expiration to 60 days.
C. Create a Stackdriver Logging Export with a Sink destination to Cloud Storage. Create a lifecycle rule to delete objects after 60 days.
D. Configure a Cloud Scheduler job to read from Stackdriver and store the logs in BigQuery. Configure the table expiration to 60 days.

Correct Answer: 
    B 🗳️

Question #115

You need to reduce GCP service costs for a division of your company using the fewest possible steps. You need to turn off all configured services in an existing
GCP project. What should you do?

A. 1. Verify that you are assigned the Project Owners IAM role for this project. 2. Locate the project in the GCP console, click Shut down and then enter the project ID.
B. 1. Verify that you are assigned the Project Owners IAM role for this project. 2. Switch to the project in the GCP console, locate the resources and delete them.
C. 1. Verify that you are assigned the Organizational Administrator IAM role for this project. 2. Locate the project in the GCP console, enter the project ID and then click Shut down.
D. 1. Verify that you are assigned the Organizational Administrators IAM role for this project. 2. Switch to the project in the GCP console, locate the resources and delete them.


Question #116

You are configuring service accounts for an application that spans multiple projects. Virtual machines (VMs) running in the web-applications project need access to BigQuery datasets in crm-databases-proj. You want to follow Google-recommended practices to give access to the service account in the web-applications project. What should you do?

A. Give ג€project ownerג€ for web-applications appropriate roles to crm-databases-proj.
B. Give ג€project ownerג€ role to crm-databases-proj and the web-applications project.
C. Give ג€project ownerג€ role to crm-databases-proj and bigquery.dataViewer role to web-applications.
D. Give bigquery.dataViewer role to crm-databases-proj and appropriate roles to web-applications.

Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️