Question #121

Your managed instance group raised an alert stating that new instance creation has failed to create new instances. You need to maintain the number of running instances specified by the template to be able to process expected application traffic. What should you do?

A. Create an instance template that contains valid syntax which will be used by the instance group. Delete any persistent disks with the same name as instance names.

B. Create an instance template that contains valid syntax that will be used by the instance group. Verify that the instance name and persistent disk name values are not the same in the template.

C. Verify that the instance template being used by the instance group contains valid syntax. Delete any persistent disks with the same name as instance names. Set the disks.autoDelete property to true in the instance template.

D. Delete the current instance template and replace it with a new instance template. Verify that the instance name and persistent disk name values are not the same in the template. Set the disks.autoDelete property to true in the instance template.

Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️

Question #122

Your company is moving from an on-premises environment to Google Cloud. You have multiple development teams that use Cassandra environments as backend databases. They all need a development environment that is isolated from other Cassandra instances. You want to move to Google Cloud quickly and with minimal support effort. What should you do?

A. 1. Build an instruction guide to install Cassandra on Google Cloud. 2. Make the instruction guide accessible to your developers.
B. 1. Advise your developers to go to Cloud Marketplace. 2. Ask the developers to launch a Cassandra image for their development work.
C. 1. Build a Cassandra Compute Engine instance and take a snapshot of it. 2. Use the snapshot to create instances for your developers.
D. 1. Build a Cassandra Compute Engine instance and take a snapshot of it. 2. Upload the snapshot to Cloud Storage and make it accessible to your developers. 3. Build instructions to create a Compute Engine instance from the snapshot so that developers can do it themselves.

Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️
    B (100%)

Question #123

You have a Compute Engine instance hosting a production application. You want to receive an email if the instance consumes more than 90% of its CPU resources for more than 15 minutes. You want to use Google services. What should you do?

A. 1. Create a consumer Gmail account. 2. Write a script that monitors the CPU usage. 3. When the CPU usage exceeds the threshold, have that script send an email using the Gmail account and smtp.gmail.com on port 25 as SMTP server.

B. 1. Create a Cloud Monitoring Workspace and associate your Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project with it. 2. Create a Cloud Monitoring Alerting Policy that uses the threshold as a trigger condition. 3. Configure your email address in the notification channel.

C. 1. Create a Cloud Monitoring Workspace and associate your GCP project with it. 2. Write a script that monitors the CPU usage and sends it as a custom metric to Cloud Monitoring. 3. Create an uptime check for the instance in Cloud Monitoring.

D. 1. In Cloud Logging, create a logs-based metric to extract the CPU usage by using this regular expression: CPU Usage: ([0-9] {1,3})% 2. In Cloud Monitoring, create an Alerting Policy based on this metric. 3. Configure your email address in the notification channel.

Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️
    B (100%)
    but I would write it this way as stackdriver is deprecated and Operation Suite uses scopes now.
    1. Create a Stackdriver Workspace, and associate your Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project with it.
    2. Create an Alerting Policy in Stackdriver that uses the threshold as a trigger condition.
    3. Configure your email address in the notification channel.

Question #124

You have an application that uses Cloud Spanner as a backend database. The application has a very predictable traffic pattern. You want to automatically scale up or down the number of Spanner nodes depending on traffic. What should you do?

A. Create a cron job that runs on a scheduled basis to review Cloud Monitoring metrics, and then resize the Spanner instance accordingly.

B. Create a Cloud Monitoring alerting policy to send an alert to oncall SRE emails when Cloud Spanner CPU exceeds the threshold. SREs would scale resources up or down accordingly.

C. Create a Cloud Monitoring alerting policy to send an alert to Google Cloud Support email when Cloud Spanner CPU exceeds your threshold. Google support would scale resources up or down accordingly.

D. Create a Cloud Monitoring alerting policy to send an alert to webhook when Cloud Spanner CPU is over or under your threshold. Create a Cloud Function that listens to HTTP and resizes Spanner resources accordingly.

Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️

