Question #105

Your company has a single sign-on (SSO) identity provider that supports Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) integration with service providers. Your company has users in Cloud Identity. You would like users to authenticate using your company's SSO provider. What should you do?

A. In Cloud Identity, set up SSO with Google as an identity provider to access custom SAML apps.
B. In Cloud Identity, set up SSO with a third-party identity provider with Google as a service provider.
C. Obtain OAuth 2.0 credentials, configure the user consent screen, and set up OAuth 2.0 for Mobile & Desktop Apps.
D. Obtain OAuth 2.0 credentials, configure the user consent screen, and set up OAuth 2.0 for Web Server Applications.

Correct Answer: 
    B 🗳️

Question #106

Your organization has a dedicated person who creates and manages all service accounts for Google Cloud projects. You need to assign this person the minimum role for projects. What should you do?

A. Add the user to roles/iam.roleAdmin role.
B. Add the user to roles/iam.securityAdmin role.
C. Add the user to roles/iam.serviceAccountUser role.
D. Add the user to roles/iam.serviceAccountAdmin role.

Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️

Question #107

You are building an archival solution for your data warehouse and have selected Cloud Storage to archive your data. Your users need to be able to access this archived data once a quarter for some regulatory requirements. You want to select a cost-efficient option. Which storage option should you use?

A. Cold Storage
B. Nearline Storage
C. Regional Storage
D. Multi-Regional Storage

Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️

Question #108

A team of data scientists infrequently needs to use a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster that you manage. They require GPUs for some long-running, non- restartable jobs. You want to minimize cost. What should you do?

A. Enable node auto-provisioning on the GKE cluster.
B. Create a VerticalPodAutscaler for those workloads.
C. Create a node pool with preemptible VMs and GPUs attached to those VMs.
D. Create a node pool of instances with GPUs, and enable autoscaling on this node pool with a minimum size of 1.

Correct Answer: 
    A (67%)
    D (33%)

