Question #189

You are assigned to maintain a Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster named 'dev' that was deployed on Google Cloud. You want to manage the GKE configuration using the command line interface (CLI). You have just downloaded and installed the Cloud SDK. You want to ensure that future CLI commands by default address this specific cluster What should you do?

A. Use the command gcloud config set container/cluster dev.
B. Use the command gcloud container clusters update dev.
C. Create a file called gke.default in the ~/.gcloud folder that contains the cluster name.
D. Create a file called defaults.json in the ~/.gcloud folder that contains the cluster name.

Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️

Question #190

The sales team has a project named Sales Data Digest that has the ID acme-data-digest. You need to set up similar Google Cloud resources for the marketing team but their resources must be organized independently of the sales team. What should you do?

A. Grant the Project Editor role to the Marketing team for acme-data-digest.
B. Create a Project Lien on acme-data-digest and then grant the Project Editor role to the Marketing team.
C. Create another project with the ID acme-marketing-data-digest for the Marketing team and deploy the resources there.
D. Create a new project named Marketing Data Digest and use the ID acme-data-digest. Grant the Project Editor role to the Marketing team.

Correct Answer: 
    C 🗳️

Question #191

You have deployed multiple Linux instances on Compute Engine. You plan on adding more instances in the coming weeks. You want to be able to access all of these instances through your SSH client over the internet without having to configure specific access on the existing and new instances. You do not want the
Compute Engine instances to have a public IP. What should you do?

A. Configure Cloud Identity-Aware Proxy for HTTPS resources.
B. Configure Cloud Identity-Aware Proxy for SSH and TCP resources
C. Create an SSH keypair and store the public key as a project-wide SSH Key.
D. Create an SSH keypair and store the private key as a project-wide SSH Key.

Correct Answer: 
    B 🗳️

Question #192

You have created an application that is packaged into a Docker image. You want to deploy the Docker image as a workload on Google Kubernetes Engine. What should you do?

A. Upload the image to Cloud Storage and create a Kubernetes Service referencing the image.
B. Upload the image to Cloud Storage and create a Kubernetes Deployment referencing the image.
C. Upload the image to Container Registry and create a Kubernetes Service referencing the image.
D. Upload the image to Container Registry and create a Kubernetes Deployment referencing the image.

Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️
    deployment is responsible for keeping a set of pods running. A service is responsible for enabling network access to a set of pods.

