Question #185

You are developing a new web application that will be deployed on Google Cloud Platform. As part of your release cycle, you want to test updates to your application on a small portion of real user traffic. The majority of the users should still be directed towards a stable version of your application. What should you do?

A. Deploy the application on App Engine. For each update, create a new version of the same service. Configure traffic splitting to send a small percentage of traffic to the new version.
B. Deploy the application on App Engine. For each update, create a new service. Configure traffic splitting to send a small percentage of traffic to the new service.
C. Deploy the application on Kubernetes Engine. For a new release, update the deployment to use the new version.
D. Deploy the application on Kubernetes Engine. For a new release, create a new deployment for the new version. Update the service to use the new deployment.

Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️

Question #186

You need to add a group of new users to Cloud Identity. Some of the users already have existing Google accounts. You want to follow one of Google's recommended practices and avoid conflicting accounts. What should you do?

A. Invite the user to transfer their existing account.
B. Invite the user to use an email alias to resolve the conflict.
C. Tell the user that they must delete their existing account.
D. Tell the user to remove all personal email from the existing account.

Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️

Question #187

You need to manage a Cloud Spanner instance for best query performance. Your instance in production runs in a single Google Cloud region. You need to improve performance in the shortest amount of time. You want to follow Google best practices for service configuration. What should you do?

A. Create an alert in Cloud Monitoring to alert when the percentage of high priority CPU utilization reaches 45%. If you exceed this threshold, add nodes to your instance.
B. Create an alert in Cloud Monitoring to alert when the percentage of high priority CPU utilization reaches 45%. Use database query statistics to identify queries that result in high CPU usage, and then rewrite those queries to optimize their resource usage.
C. Create an alert in Cloud Monitoring to alert when the percentage of high priority CPU utilization reaches 65%. If you exceed this threshold, add nodes to your instance.
D. Create an alert in Cloud Monitoring to alert when the percentage of high priority CPU utilization reaches 65%. Use database query statistics to identify queries that result in high CPU usage, and then rewrite those queries to optimize their resource usage.

Correct Answer: 
    C 🗳️

Question #188

Your company has an internal application for managing transactional orders. The application is used exclusively by employees in a single physical location. The application requires strong consistency, fast queries, and ACID guarantees for multi-table transactional updates. The first version of the application is implemented in PostgreSQL, and you want to deploy it to the cloud with minimal code changes. Which database is most appropriate for this application?

A. BigQuery
B. Cloud SQL
C. Cloud Spanner
D. Cloud Datastore

Correct Answer: C 🗳️
    B (57%)
    C (43%)
