Question #165

You are running a data warehouse on BigQuery. A partner company is offering a recommendation engine based on the data in your data warehouse. The partner company is also running their application on Google Cloud. They manage the resources in their own project, but they need access to the BigQuery dataset in your project. You want to provide the partner company with access to the dataset. What should you do?

A. Create a Service Account in your own project, and grant this Service Account access to BigQuery in your project.
B. Create a Service Account in your own project, and ask the partner to grant this Service Account access to BigQuery in their project.
C. Ask the partner to create a Service Account in their project, and have them give the Service Account access to BigQuery in their project.
D. Ask the partner to create a Service Account in their project, and grant their Service Account access to the BigQuery dataset in your project.

Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️
    "Service accounts are both identities and resources. Because service accounts are identities, you can let a service account access resources in your project by granting it a role, just like you would for any other principal."

Question #166

Your web application has been running successfully on Cloud Run for Anthos. You want to evaluate an updated version of the application with a specific percentage of your production users (canary deployment). What should you do?

A. Create a new service with the new version of the application. Split traffic between this version and the version that is currently running.
B. Create a new revision with the new version of the application. Split traffic between this version and the version that is currently running.
C. Create a new service with the new version of the application. Add an HTTP Load Balancer in front of both services.
D. Create a new revision with the new version of the application. Add an HTTP Load Balancer in front of both revisions.

Correct Answer: 
    B 🗳️

    Anyway principles for CloudRun and CloundRun for Anthos are the same. Traffic can be split between multiple revisions.
    The answer is "B"
    B. Create a new revision with the new version of the application. Split traffic between this version and the version that is currently running.

Question #167

Your company developed a mobile game that is deployed on Google Cloud. Gamers are connecting to the game with their personal phones over the Internet. The game sends UDP packets to update the servers about the gamers' actions while they are playing in multiplayer mode. Your game backend can scale over multiple virtual machines (VMs), and you want to expose the VMs over a single IP address. What should you do?

A. Configure an SSL Proxy load balancer in front of the application servers.
B. Configure an Internal UDP load balancer in front of the application servers.
C. Configure an External HTTP(s) load balancer in front of the application servers.
D. Configure an External Network load balancer in front of the application servers.

Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️
    D (100%)

    External Network LB used for UDP

    All the load balancer products in GCP give you a single IP address for the backend servers you registered to it.

    Also, External HTTP(s) load balancer only support the port that used by HTTP which is the port 80 and HTTPS which is the port 443.

    And Google Cloud external TCP/UDP Network Load Balancing is referred to as "Network Load Balancing" which supports UDP packets.

Question #168

You are working for a hospital that stores its medical images in an on-premises data room. The hospital wants to use Cloud Storage for archival storage of these images. The hospital wants an automated process to upload any new medical images to Cloud Storage. You need to design and implement a solution. What should you do?

A. Create a Pub/Sub topic, and enable a Cloud Storage trigger for the Pub/Sub topic. Create an application that sends all medical images to the Pub/Sub topic.
B. Deploy a Dataflow job from the batch template, ג€Datastore to Cloud Storage.ג€ Schedule the batch job on the desired interval.
C. Create a script that uses the gsutil command line interface to synchronize the on-premises storage with Cloud Storage. Schedule the script as a cron job.
D. In the Cloud Console, go to Cloud Storage. Upload the relevant images to the appropriate bucket.

Correct Answer: 
    C 🗳️
    Keyword, they require cloud storage for archival and the want to automate the process to upload new medical image to cloud storage, hence we go for gsutil to copy on-prem images to cloud storage and automate the process via cron job. whereas Pub/Sub listens to the changes in the Cloud Storage bucket and triggers the pub/sub topic, which is not required.

