Question #161

You are performing a monthly security check of your Google Cloud environment and want to know who has access to view data stored in your Google Cloud
Project. What should you do?

A. Enable Audit Logs for all APIs that are related to data storage.
B. Review the IAM permissions for any role that allows for data access.
C. Review the Identity-Aware Proxy settings for each resource.
D. Create a Data Loss Prevention job.

Correct Answer: 
    B 🗳️

Question #162

Your company has embraced a hybrid cloud strategy where some of the applications are deployed on Google Cloud. A Virtual Private Network (VPN) tunnel connects your Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) in Google Cloud with your company's on-premises network. Multiple applications in Google Cloud need to connect to an on-premises database server, and you want to avoid having to change the IP configuration in all of your applications when the IP of the database changes.
What should you do?

A. Configure Cloud NAT for all subnets of your VPC to be used when egressing from the VM instances.
B. Create a private zone on Cloud DNS, and configure the applications with the DNS name.
C. Configure the IP of the database as custom metadata for each instance, and query the metadata server.
D. Query the Compute Engine internal DNS from the applications to retrieve the IP of the database.

Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️
    B (100%)

    D: Query the [Compute Engine] internal DNS from the applications to retrieve the IP of the database.
    D: Query the ON-PREMISE internal DNS from the applications to retrieve the IP of the database.

Question #163

You have developed a containerized web application that will serve internal colleagues during business hours. You want to ensure that no costs are incurred outside of the hours the application is used. You have just created a new Google Cloud project and want to deploy the application. What should you do?

A. Deploy the container on Cloud Run for Anthos, and set the minimum number of instances to zero.
B. Deploy the container on Cloud Run (fully managed), and set the minimum number of instances to zero.
C. Deploy the container on App Engine flexible environment with autoscaling, and set the value min_instances to zero in the app.yaml.
D. Deploy the container on App Engine flexible environment with manual scaling, and set the value instances to zero in the app.yaml.

Correct Answer: 
    B 🗳️

Question #164

You have experimented with Google Cloud using your own credit card and expensed the costs to your company. Your company wants to streamline the billing process and charge the costs of your projects to their monthly invoice. What should you do?

A. Grant the financial team the IAM role of ג€Billing Account Userג€ on the billing account linked to your credit card.
B. Set up BigQuery billing export and grant your financial department IAM access to query the data.
C. Create a ticket with Google Billing Support to ask them to send the invoice to your company.
D. Change the billing account of your projects to the billing account of your company.

Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️
    
