Question #37

You created a Google Cloud Platform project with an App Engine application inside the project. You initially configured the application to be served from the us- central region. Now you want the application to be served from the asia-northeast1 region. What should you do?

Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️

Question #38

You need to grant access for three users so that they can view and edit table data on a Cloud Spanner instance. What should you do?

A. Run gcloud iam roles describe roles/spanner.databaseUser. Add the users to the role.
B. Run gcloud iam roles describe roles/spanner.databaseUser. Add the users to a new group. Add the group to the role.
C. Run gcloud iam roles describe roles/spanner.viewer - -project my-project. Add the users to the role.
D. Run gcloud iam roles describe roles/spanner.viewer - -project my-project. Add the users to a new group. Add the group to the role.

Correct Answer:
    B 🗳️
     google best practice to assign users roles is to have them in a group and assign that group a role so B seems to be the correct option.

Question #39
You create a new Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) cluster and want to make sure that it always runs a supported and stable version of Kubernetes. What should you do?

A. Enable the Node Auto-Repair feature for your GKE cluster.
B. Enable the Node Auto-Upgrades feature for your GKE cluster.
C. Select the latest available cluster version for your GKE cluster.
D. Select ג€Container-Optimized OS (cos)ג€ as a node image for your GKE cluster.

Correct Answer: 
    B 🗳️

Question #40

You have an instance group that you want to load balance. You want the load balancer to terminate the client SSL session. The instance group is used to serve a public web application over HTTPS. You want to follow Google-recommended practices. What should you do?

A. Configure an HTTP(S) load balancer.
B. Configure an internal TCP load balancer.
C. Configure an external SSL proxy load balancer.
D. Configure an external TCP proxy load balancer.

Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️

    According to the documentation of SSL Proxy Load Balacing on Google, "SSL Proxy Load Balancing is intended for non-HTTP(S) traffic. For HTTP(S) traffic, we recommend that you use HTTP(S) Load Balancing." in my opinion A should be the most suitable choice.

    For HTTP(s) Load balancer, the client SSL session terminates at the load balancer. A is the correct option.
    
    C is the answer SSL LB to terminate SSL
https://cloud.google.com/load-balancing/docs/choosing-load-balancer


