Question #73 Topic 1 

You are setting up a Windows VM on Compute Engine and want to make sure you can log in to the VM via RDP. What should you do?

A. After the VM has been created, use your Google Account credentials to log in into the VM.
B. After the VM has been created, use gcloud compute reset-windows-password to retrieve the login credentials for the VM.
C. When creating the VM, add metadata to the instance using 'windows-password' as the key and a password as the value.
D. After the VM has been created, download the JSON private key for the default Compute Engine service account. Use the credentials in the JSON file to log in to the VM.

Correct Answer: 
    B 🗳️

Question #74 

You need to produce a list of the enabled Google Cloud Platform APIs for a GCP project using the gcloud command line in the Cloud Shell. The project name is my-project. What should you do?

A. Set metadata to enable-oslogin=true for the instance. Grant the dev1 group the compute.osLogin role. Direct them to use the Cloud Shell to ssh to that instance.
B. Set metadata to enable-oslogin=true for the instance. Set the service account to no service account for that instance. Direct them to use the Cloud Shell to ssh to that instance.
C. Enable block project wide keys for the instance. Generate an SSH key for each user in the dev1 group. Distribute the keys to dev1 users and direct them to use their third-party tools to connect.
D. Enable block project wide keys for the instance. Generate an SSH key and associate the key with that instance. Distribute the key to dev1 users and direct them to use their third-party tools to connect.


Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️ 
    "Set metadata to enable-oslogin=true for the instance." This means the metadata for oslogin has been set to that particular instance only, and not for all

Question #75 

You need to produce a list of the enabled Google Cloud Platform APIs for a GCP project using the gcloud command line in the Cloud Shell. The project name is my-project. What should you do?

A. Run gcloud projects list to get the project ID, and then run gcloud services list --project <project ID>.
B. Run gcloud init to set the current project to my-project, and then run gcloud services list --available.
C. Run gcloud info to view the account value, and then run gcloud services list --account <Account>.
D. Run gcloud projects describe <project ID> to verify the project value, and then run gcloud services list --available.

Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️

Question #76

You are building a new version of an application hosted in an App Engine environment. You want to test the new version with 1% of users before you completely switch your application over to the new version. What should you do?

A. Deploy a new version of your application in Google Kubernetes Engine instead of App Engine and then use GCP Console to split traffic.
B. Deploy a new version of your application in a Compute Engine instance instead of App Engine and then use GCP Console to split traffic.
C. Deploy a new version as a separate app in App Engine. Then configure App Engine using GCP Console to split traffic between the two apps.
D. Deploy a new version of your application in App Engine. Then go to App Engine settings in GCP Console and split traffic between the current version and newly deployed versions accordingly.

Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️
    A. ....'Google Kubernetes Engine'.... - No need to involve GKE. Not the right option
    B. ....'Compute Engine instance'.... - No need to involve Compute Engine.
    C. ....'Separate app in App Engine'....- No need to deploy as a separate app. versioning is supported already. Not the right option.
    D. This is the right answer.

