Question #49

You have a virtual machine that is currently configured with 2 vCPUs and 4 GB of memory. It is running out of memory. You want to upgrade the virtual machine to have 8 GB of memory. What should you do?

A. Rely on live migration to move the workload to a machine with more memory.
B. Use gcloud to add metadata to the VM. Set the key to required-memory-size and the value to 8 GB.
C. Stop the VM, change the machine type to n1-standard-8, and start the VM.
D. Stop the VM, increase the memory to 8 GB, and start the VM.

Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️

    D is correct. If you pay attention to the question, option C mentions n1-standard-8. That instance type has 8vCPUs and 30 GB RAM, and we only need 8GB. On top of that, it is possible to use custom machine type to adjust current VM RAM to the value we need.

Question #50

You have production and test workloads that you want to deploy on Compute Engine. Production VMs need to be in a different subnet than the test VMs. All the
VMs must be able to reach each other over Internal IP without creating additional routes. You need to set up VPC and the 2 subnets. Which configuration meets these requirements?

A. Create a single custom VPC with 2 subnets. Create each subnet in a different region and with a different CIDR range.
B. Create a single custom VPC with 2 subnets. Create each subnet in the same region and with the same CIDR range.
C. Create 2 custom VPCs, each with a single subnet. Create each subnet in a different region and with a different CIDR range.
D. Create 2 custom VPCs, each with a single subnet. Create each subnet in the same region and with the same CIDR range.

Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️
    What about option B? We know that "each primary or secondary IPv4 range for all subnets in a VPC network must be a unique valid CIDR block"

Question #51

You need to create an autoscaling managed instance group for an HTTPS web application. You want to make sure that unhealthy VMs are recreated. What should you do?

A. Create a health check on port 443 and use that when creating the Managed Instance Group.
B. Select Multi-Zone instead of Single-Zone when creating the Managed Instance Group.
C. In the Instance Template, add the label 'health-check'.
D. In the Instance Template, add a startup script that sends a heartbeat to the metadata server.

Correct Answer: 
    C 🗳️

Your company has a Google Cloud Platform project that uses BigQuery for data warehousing. Your data science team changes frequently and has few members.
You need to allow members of this team to perform queries. You want to follow Google-recommended practices. What should you do?

A. 1. Create an IAM entry for each data scientist's user account. 2. Assign the BigQuery jobUser role to the group.
B. 1. Create an IAM entry for each data scientist's user account. 2. Assign the BigQuery dataViewer user role to the group.
C. 1. Create a dedicated Google group in Cloud Identity. 2. Add each data scientist's user account to the group. 3. Assign the BigQuery jobUser role to the group.
D. 1. Create a dedicated Google group in Cloud Identity. 2. Add each data scientist's user account to the group. 3. Assign the BigQuery dataViewer user role to the group.

Correct Answer: 
    D 🗳️