You have one GCP account running in your default region and zone and another account running in a non-default region and zone. You want to start a new
Compute Engine instance in these two Google Cloud Platform accounts using the command line interface. What should you do?

A. Create two configurations using gcloud config configurations create [NAME]. Run gcloud config configurations activate [NAME] to switch between accounts when running the commands to start the Compute Engine instances.
B. Create two configurations using gcloud config configurations create [NAME]. Run gcloud configurations list to start the Compute Engine instances.
C. Activate two configurations using gcloud configurations activate [NAME]. Run gcloud config list to start the Compute Engine instances.
D. Activate two configurations using gcloud configurations activate [NAME]. Run gcloud configurations list to start the Compute Engine instances.

Correct Answer: A 🗳️


You significantly changed a complex Deployment Manager template and want to confirm that the dependencies of all defined resources are properly met before committing it to the project. You want the most rapid feedback on your changes. What should you do?

A. Use granular logging statements within a Deployment Manager template authored in Python.
B. Monitor activity of the Deployment Manager execution on the Stackdriver Logging page of the GCP Console.
C. Execute the Deployment Manager template against a separate project with the same configuration, and monitor for failures.
D. Execute the Deployment Manager template using the ג€"-preview option in the same project, and observe the state of interdependent resources.

Correct Answer: D 🗳️ -=> gcloud deployment-manager deployments update my-deployment --config my-config.yaml --preview

You are building a pipeline to process time-series data. Which Google Cloud Platform services should you put in boxes 1,2,3, and 4?

A. Cloud Pub/Sub, Cloud Dataflow, Cloud Datastore, BigQuery
B. Firebase Messages, Cloud Pub/Sub, Cloud Spanner, BigQuery
C. Cloud Pub/Sub, Cloud Storage, BigQuery, Cloud Bigtable
D. Cloud Pub/Sub, Cloud Dataflow, Cloud Bigtable, BigQuery

Correct Answer: D 🗳️

You have a project for your App Engine application that serves a development environment. The required testing has succeeded and you want to create a new project to serve as your production environment. What should you do?

A. Use gcloud to create the new project, and then deploy your application to the new project.
B. Use gcloud to create the new project and to copy the deployed application to the new project.
C. Create a Deployment Manager configuration file that copies the current App Engine deployment into a new project.
D. Deploy your application again using gcloud and specify the project parameter with the new project name to create the new project.

Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️

    Correct is A.

    Option B is wrong as the option to use gcloud app cp does not exist.
    Option C is wrong as Deployment Manager does not copy the application, but allows you to specify all the resources needed for your application in a declarative format using yaml
    Option D is wrong as gcloud app deploy would not create a new project. The project should be created before usage.