Question #45

You recently deployed a new version of an application to App Engine and then discovered a bug in the release. You need to immediately revert to the prior version of the application. What should you do?

A. Run gcloud app restore.
B. On the App Engine page of the GCP Console, select the application that needs to be reverted and click Revert.
C. On the App Engine Versions page of the GCP Console, route 100% of the traffic to the previous version.
D. Deploy the original version as a separate application. Then go to App Engine settings and split traffic between applications so that the original version serves 100% of the requests.

Question #46

Correct Answer: 
    C 🗳️

    this is how you do => gcloud app services set-traffic s1 --splits=v2=.5,v1=.5 --split-by=cookie

You deployed an App Engine application using gcloud app deploy, but it did not deploy to the intended project. You want to find out why this happened and where the application deployed. What should you do?

A. Check the app.yaml file for your application and check project settings.
B. Check the web-application.xml file for your application and check project settings.
C. Go to Deployment Manager and review settings for deployment of applications.
D. Go to Cloud Shell and run gcloud config list to review the Google Cloud configuration used for deployment.

Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️

    Why C is incorrect App Engine Does not use deployment manager
    Both A and D seem correct.
    Lots of people mentioned that app.yaml does not contain project id. That is an incorrect statement. Project is contained in app.YAML for "Standard" app engine application but gcloud config list is has to be used for "FLEXIBLE" application. Since the questions does not inform us whether it is a standard or flexible app, Option D is correct.

Question #47

You want to configure 10 Compute Engine instances for availability when maintenance occurs. Your requirements state that these instances should attempt to automatically restart if they crash. Also, the instances should be highly available including during system maintenance. What should you do?

A. Create an instance template for the instances. Set the 'Automatic Restart' to on. Set the 'On-host maintenance' to Migrate VM instance. Add the instance template to an instance group.
B. Create an instance template for the instances. Set 'Automatic Restart' to off. Set 'On-host maintenance' to Terminate VM instances. Add the instance template to an instance group.
C. Create an instance group for the instances. Set the 'Autohealing' health check to healthy (HTTP).
D. Create an instance group for the instance. Verify that the 'Advanced creation options' setting for 'do not retry machine creation' is set to off.

Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️

Question #48

You host a static website on Cloud Storage. Recently, you began to include links to PDF files on this site. Currently, when users click on the links to these PDF files, their browsers prompt them to save the file onto their local system. Instead, you want the clicked PDF files to be displayed within the browser window directly, without prompting the user to save the file locally. What should you do?

A. Enable Cloud CDN on the website frontend.
B. Enable 'Share publicly' on the PDF file objects.
C. Set Content-Type metadata to application/pdf on the PDF file objects.
D. Add a label to the storage bucket with a key of Content-Type and value of application/pdf.

Correct Answer: 
    C 🗳️
