Question #57

You have a web application deployed as a managed instance group. You have a new version of the application to gradually deploy. Your web application is currently receiving live web traffic. You want to ensure that the available capacity does not decrease during the deployment. What should you do?

MAX_SURGE:Maximum additional number of instances that can be created during the update process. 
MAX_UNAVAILABLE: Maximum number of instances that can be unavailable during the update process.

A. Perform a rolling-action start-update with maxSurge set to 0 and maxUnavailable set to 1.
B. Perform a rolling-action start-update with maxSurge set to 1 and maxUnavailable set to 0.
C. Create a new managed instance group with an updated instance template. Add the group to the backend service for the load balancer. When all instances in the new managed instance group are healthy, delete the old managed instance group.
D. Create a new instance template with the new application version. Update the existing managed instance group with the new instance template. Delete the instances in the managed instance group to allow the managed instance group to recreate the instance using the new instance template.

Correct Answer: 
    B 🗳️

Question #58

You are building an application that stores relational data from users. Users across the globe will use this application. Your CTO is concerned about the scaling requirements because the size of the user base is unknown. You need to implement a database solution that can scale with your user growth with minimum configuration changes. Which storage solution should you use?

A. Cloud SQL
B. Cloud Spanner
C. Cloud Firestore
D. Cloud Datastore

Correct Answer: 
    B 🗳️

Question #59 TODO:

You are the organization and billing administrator for your company. The engineering team has the Project Creator role on the organization. You do not want the engineering team to be able to link projects to the billing account. Only the finance team should be able to link a project to a billing account, but they should not be able to make any other changes to projects. What should you do?


A. Assign the finance team only the Billing Account User role on the billing account.
B. Assign the engineering team only the Billing Account User role on the billing account.
C. Assign the finance team the Billing Account User role on the billing account and the Project Billing Manager role on the organization.
D. Assign the engineering team the Billing Account User role on the billing account and the Project Billing Manager role on the organization.

Ans
    C (52%)
    A (45%)
    Billing Account User
    6 assigned permissions
    • billing.accounts.get
    • billing.accounts.getIamPolicy
    • billing.accounts.list
    • billing.accounts.redeemPromotion
    • billing. credits.list
    • billing. resourceAssociations.create

    Project Billing Manager
    2 assigned permissions
    • resourcemanager.projects.createBillingAssignment
    • resourcemanager.projects.deleteBillingAssignment

Question #60 UNDERSTAND:

You have an application running in Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) with cluster autoscaling enabled. The application exposes a TCP endpoint. There are several replicas of this application. You have a Compute Engine instance in the same region, but in another Virtual Private Cloud (VPC), called gce-network, that has no overlapping IP ranges with the first VPC. This instance needs to connect to the application on GKE. You want to minimize effort. What should you do?

A. 1. In GKE, create a Service of type LoadBalancer that uses the application's Pods as backend. 2. Set the service's externalTrafficPolicy to Cluster. 3. Configure the Compute Engine instance to use the address of the load balancer that has been created.
B. 1. In GKE, create a Service of type NodePort that uses the application's Pods as backend. 2. Create a Compute Engine instance called proxy with 2 network interfaces, one in each VPC. 3. Use iptables on this instance to forward traffic from gce-network to the GKE nodes. 4. Configure the Compute Engine instance to use the address of proxy in gce-network as endpoint.
C. 1. In GKE, create a Service of type LoadBalancer that uses the application's Pods as backend. 2. Add an annotation to this service: cloud.google.com/load-balancer-type: Internal 3. Peer the two VPCs together. 4. Configure the Compute Engine instance to use the address of the load balancer that has been created.
D. 1. In GKE, create a Service of type LoadBalancer that uses the application's Pods as backend. 2. Add a Cloud Armor Security Policy to the load balancer that whitelists the internal IPs of the MIG's instances. 3. Configure the Compute Engine instance to use the address of the load balancer that has been created.
