Your development team needs a new Jenkins server for their project. You need to deploy the server using the fewest steps possible. What should you do?

A. Download and deploy the Jenkins Java WAR to App Engine Standard.
B. Create a new Compute Engine instance and install Jenkins through the command line interface.
C. Create a Kubernetes cluster on Compute Engine and create a deployment with the Jenkins Docker image.
D. Use GCP Marketplace to launch the Jenkins solution.

Ans is D

You need to update a deployment in Deployment Manager without any resource downtime in the deployment. Which command should you use?

A. gcloud deployment-manager deployments create --config <deployment-config-path>
B. gcloud deployment-manager deployments update --config <deployment-config-path>
C. gcloud deployment-manager resources create --config <deployment-config-path>
D. gcloud deployment-manager resources update --config <deployment-config-path>

Ans is B

https://jayendrapatil.com/google-cloud-gcloud-cheat-sheet/

You need to run an important query in BigQuery but expect it to return a lot of records. You want to find out how much it will cost to run the query. You are using on-demand pricing. What should you do?

A. Arrange to switch to Flat-Rate pricing for this query, then move back to on-demand.

B. Use the command line to run a dry run query to estimate the number of bytes read. 
    Then convert that bytes estimate to dollars using the Pricing Calculator.

C. Use the command line to run a dry run query to estimate the number of bytes returned. Then convert that bytes estimate to dollars using the Pricing Calculator.

D. Run a select count (*) to get an idea of how many records your query will look through. Then convert that number of rows to dollars using the Pricing Calculator.

Ans is B


You have a single binary application that you want to run on Google Cloud Platform. You decided to automatically scale the application based on underlying infrastructure CPU usage. Your organizational policies require you to use virtual machines directly. You need to ensure that the application scaling is operationally efficient and completed as quickly as possible. What should you do?

A. Create a Google Kubernetes Engine cluster, and use horizontal pod autoscaling to scale the application.
B. Create an instance template, and use the template in a managed instance group with autoscaling configured.
C. Create an instance template, and use the template in a managed instance group that scales up and down based on the time of day.
D. Use a set of third-party tools to build automation around scaling the application up and down, based on Stackdriver CPU usage monitoring.

Ans is B as a managed instance group can help use virtual machines directly and with autoscaling can scaling as per the demand.