You need to configure IAM access audit logging in BigQuery for external auditors. You want to follow Google-recommended practices. What should you do?

A. Add the auditors group to the 'logging.viewer' and 'bigQuery.dataViewer' predefined IAM roles.
B. Add the auditors group to two new custom IAM roles.
C. Add the auditor user accounts to the 'logging.viewer' and 'bigQuery.dataViewer' predefined IAM roles.
D. Add the auditor user accounts to two new custom IAM roles.

Correct Answer: 
    A 🗳️
Google recommends to group users to allow permissions
best practices recommend going with group instead of individual users so A is more correct than C

You need to set up permissions for a set of Compute Engine instances to enable them to write data into a particular Cloud Storage bucket. You want to follow
Google-recommended practices. What should you do?

A. Create a service account with an access scope. Use the access scope 'https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.write_only'.
B. Create a service account with an access scope. Use the access scope 'https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform'.
C. Create a service account and add it to the IAM role 'storage.objectCreator' for that bucket.
D. Create a service account and add it to the IAM role 'storage.objectAdmin' for that bucket.
 
Correct Answer: 
    D 

    Create a service account and add it to the IAM role ג€˜storage.objectCreatorג€™ for that bucket.
    Storage Object Creator: Allows users to create objects. Does not give permission to view, delete, or replace objects.


    B. Create a service account with an access scope. Use the access scope "˜https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform'.

Question #27

You have sensitive data stored in three Cloud Storage buckets and have enabled data access logging. You want to verify activities for a particular user for these buckets, using the fewest possible steps. You need to verify the addition of metadata labels and which files have been viewed from those buckets. What should you do?

A. Using the GCP Console, filter the Activity log to view the information.
B. Using the GCP Console, filter the Stackdriver log to view the information.
C. View the bucket in the Storage section of the GCP Console.
D. Create a trace in Stackdriver to view the information.

Correct Answer: 

    A 🗳️
    A (62%)
    B (38%)
    I'm with B

    You are the project owner of a GCP project and want to delegate control to colleagues to manage buckets and files in Cloud Storage. You want to follow Google- recommended practices. Which IAM roles should you grant your colleagues?

You are the project owner of a GCP project and want to delegate control to colleagues to manage buckets and files in Cloud Storage. You want to follow Google- recommended practices. Which IAM roles should you grant your colleagues?

A. Project Editor
B. Storage Admin
C. Storage Object Admin
D. Storage Object Creator

Correct Answer: 
    B
